this is one of the last pieces remaining
not only of the artwork of hiut but of
the artist
herself killed with her two sons in an
Israeli bombardment on Gaza in mid-
October her house struck her Studio gone
her Legacy remembered here at the
Palestinian Museum in ramalan will
hiba's art be for sale
no because some of the things are are
priceles at this moment some of those
artworks are Beyond being in a private
collection it's a national treasure a
month before the war Hiba asked to bring
her painting's home she dreamt of having
an exhibition abroad now her last pieces
join more than 300 artworks at the
Palestinian Museum all by gazan artists
called this is not an exhibition items
were collected from local galleries in
the occupied West Bank also from
people's living rooms an attempt to
preserve God Rich art scene now being
wiped out it's a space to protest
organizers say artist mammad Samuri
shared his own paintings and some others
from his
collection when the war ends we all cry
together but now we need to paint and
survive some artists are painting now
from the street they've been displaced
to we'll cry but we will then start
painting life oranges nature and
laughter nothing about this exhibition
is traditional or neat prominent artists
work placed next to younger artists it's
a reminder that they're all one under
Israeli bombardment most are displaced
in similar tents next to one
another Dina mat has Vivid memories of
her visit to her destroyed home now
displaced to rafah she's still alive but
her memories are in Ruins because of the
canvas and the wood Unfortunately they
have used a lot of her work to be burnt
to warm themselves in such a miserable
condition diverse in nature color and
meaning behind every piece is a story of
Hope and pain with the Israeli military
occupation front and center some spaces
on the wall are waiting to be filled
with more paintings a chance to take
part in Collective G G and
Remembrance I think they are
stubborn they refuse to die and
certainly they refuse to die quietly
four artists participating in this
exhibition were killed during this war
on Gaza many other artists the museum
could not even reach an open exhibition
only to be closed after the war ends as
it drags on many warn these paintings
may be the only survivors of gaza's art
nid ibraim Al jaaz the occupied West
Bank